PM Review 4 & adding UX (#39)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-message-flows.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

To receive messages from a trading partner, create a message flow and configure the sections for the source, target, and mapping.
Your organization is typically referred to as the host. The enterprise you interact with is referred to as your trading partner.

> For the receiving endpoint - this is the origin of the message flow when defined by a host endpoint and message type, often an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source of the message flow is defined by the partner, a host endpoint, often an API, and the message type you are receiving from them.
```

> For the target endpoint - this is the final destination of a message flow when defined by a host endpoint and message type, often a Host API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The target is the final destination of a message flow and is defined by a host message type and endpoint, often a Host API.
```

You'll need the following for the Source:

* The trading partner's name and associated identifiers (such as X12 ISA, X12 GS, and so on).

* The endpoint where you receive the transmission.

* The message type to process for this message flow (such as X12, 4010, 850, and so on).

> * The endpoint where your trading partner may want to receive an acknowledgment related to the transactions they send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The endpoint where your trading partner may want to receive an acknowledgment related to the messages they send.
```
